FF153 Relnote: Error.stackTraceLimit (#44542)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/153/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### JavaScript

> - The {{jsxref("Error.stackTraceLimit")}} static data property is now supported for setting or getting the maximum size of the captured error stack.

Reviewer: should we say "maximum number of stack frames" instead of "size"?

Author: Yes, that is more precise. Thanks

```suggestion
- The {{jsxref("Error.stackTraceLimit")}} static data property is supported for setting or getting the maximum number of stack frames captured in an error stack trace.
```

>   Setting the value smaller than the default (128) can improve performance.

Reviewer: This value is not mentioned on the page. Should it be? Is it Firefox-specific?

Author: Yes, it is firefox specific. I added it because if you guess that the max stack track default is 5, then it isn't obvious why this helps. Easiest just to remove it.

```suggestion
  Setting the value smaller than the default can improve performance.
```

>   ([Firefox 2037856](https://bugzil.la/2037856)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ([Firefox bug 2037856](https://bugzil.la/2037856)).
```

> <!-- No notable changes. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
